Conversation 1 (6R): 

R: Ok chat, hear me out. So what if, and hear me out, there was a student, ok, hear me out, and a teacher. BUUT, the teacher is 23 and the student is 18. Is it ok for the student and the teacher to be in a relationship?
O: I don't think I want to hear you out.
R: No but hear me out, the teacher is only 23.
O: But the teacher is not your bae!
R: Damn it, why can't teachers be your bae?
R: Ok but what if it was a tutor instead?
O: Isn't that still a teacher?
R: Yes, but now it's not in a school! Can't the teacher be my bae?
R: Like, teachers are damn hot.
R: No, but the teacher cannot be your bae!
R: I don't care, I just want a hot teacher to teach me things in bed

Conversation 2 (10R):

O: I'm pretty sure that's against his religion as a Christian.
R: It is?
O: What do you mean is it, murdering your family is obviously against Christianity...
R: What? Really? I didn't know that.
O: Where did you even learn Christianity from?
R: I learnt it from Boku No Pico.
O: What?
O: From where? I don't even know if they even mentioned it.
R: From the "donut" scene, you know, where they say gay sex is part of the religion.
O: ???

Conversation 3 (7R):

O: So what are your thoughts on Evangelion?
R: Ok, hear me out, cold take, but I think Eva is only a classic for the sake of being a classic.
O: WHAT?? COLD TAKE??
R: I mean yeah, I found it pretty boring.
O: You what?
R: Yeah, there was like nothing special and no plot development.
O: Then what would you consider a good plot?
R: I'd say Quintuplets and Parasite for example...
O: ???
O: Evangelion is a masterpiece for its plot, what are you even saying?
R: It is? But I felt like Quintuplets had better character development for example...
O: Ok, firstly, what are you even saying, eva is known for character development,-
R: I think that people are meatriding it too much.
O: Ok just stop and listen ok. Evangelion is a classic because of the bat shit nonsensical trauma shit happening in it.
O: Like, Throwing kids into a mech to fight
O: Like, It's the same vibe as China
O: They throw kids into labour, Batshit crazy stuff
O: Except in Eva, you can die, but plot armour
O: And, Eva is a classic because of Misato, like I need a playful Mil- I mean mature and hot elder sister figure, I mean what-
O: ok ok wait hold up. What I meant to say was I need a nice, caring and mature role model.
R: Ok look the remakes was just so boring.
O: ???
R: Like the remakes are all bad, the execution for it was just worse
O: The execution?
R: Like, Parasite did it better
O: The only execution going to happen is yours
R: Shut the fuck up, I'm jesus
O: He literally got executed
R: Oh. Fuck.
O: Like, he got sacrificed.
R: nah nah nah, I will become like X men you know
O: Did you just say jesus is X men, guys do you believe this he just said he's gonna become jesus as x men
R: No, Imma be the next X men bro

Conversation 4 (10R):

R: Ok guys I have a question to ask
R: Say you have sex with someone, then you have sex with their sister
R: Is that considered incest?
O: Excuse me but how would that be incest
R: isn't it because both of them fucked the same person?
O: Incest isn't an STD...
R: No what I'm saying is since they had sex with the same person they had the same body fluids, isn't that incest
O: That's for STDs.
R: So incest is an STD.
O: No.

Conversation 5 (9.5R):

O: Ok R, say in the future you have a wife and a daughter
R: Ok so some older woman than me
O: Whatever you want. Ok so somehow you became a different person, being your daughter's classmate at the same age, and she wants to sleep with you. What would you do?
R: I would go up to my wife and sleep with her.
O: I literally just said you became the same age as your daughter.
R: If she's my wife she's into younger men.
O: ???
R: That's because I only take older women
O: But you're the same age as your daughter?? And she's like 45 by now?
R: Even better.
O: You're like 15!
R: The minimum age gap should be 18-25

Conversation 6 (7.5R):

R: Ok hear me out, say one day you have a step-sister
O: You're probably going to talk about incest.
R: Nono, hear me out. So one day you get an older- hot step-sister-
O: That's incest.
R: Anyways, say you knew her because she was a lecturer you had a crush on for over a few years
R: is it morally wrong to sleep-
O: Yes.
R: But you had a crush on her without the context that she was going to be your step-sister!
O: But you would then be siblings anyways...

Conversation 7 (4R):

R: Just now I went to an indian restaurant, guess what I ate
R: Briyani
R: Now Briyani is an indian dish originating from India
R: Now if I call it Nasi Briyani, does it become A muslim?
O: The thing is, Nasi is just a Malay word. Not all Malays are Muslims. And Muslims are under Islam.
R: Just like how not all Indians wanna eat Briyani
O: explain this but in aerospace engineering terms
R: So the thing is, just because all planes have wheels doesn't mean that they'll work 100% of the time, sometimes a plane will land but keep moving down the flight path and not slow down until it hits a wall and absolutely combusts

Conversation 8 (9.4R):

O: So what is your passion about?
R: Ok, so, I want to get a visa and go to Japan, ok.
O: What for?
R: Then, I'll be a JAV actor, and I'll fuck all the women there. I will repopulate and solve the birth crisis in Japan single-handedly as Jotaro Sins
O: What the -
R: This is because I know that Japan loves BBCs, and need more black men.

Conversation 9 (3.2R)

R: Honestly, my school never properly taught us sex ed.
O: No wonder you only learn from JAVs
R: Then can you explain better why incest isn't an STD
R: Explain it in engineering terms
O: Ok so you know testicular torsion
O: It's basically torsional stress on your balls
R: I see
O: Then in terms of hydraulics, your legs are the flaps and your hips is the piston
R: So your dick is the pump? I see

Conversation 10 (8.8R):

R: Let's say in prison, and you drop the bar of soap
R: Then you get raped by another man
R: Is that gay?
O: Depends. Did you enjoy it?
R: I mean, say hypothetically you did.
O: Then you're gay.
R: But you were raped!
O: But you enjoyed having sex with another male.
O: So you like sex with men, and in my opinion that's gay.
R: Even if you didn't know?

Conversation 11 (10R):

O: Haven't your family given you some alcohol when you were young to "get used" to alcohol?
R: I didn't
O: Not even during like new years or reunion?
R: No, thats more of a Chinese thing
O: Then what do you do
R: Look, that's just how Chinese reunions go, I don't know, maybe indians eat nasi briyani or something

Conversation 12 (7.6R):

R: I want a step-sister
O: why?
R: I want a hot older step sister to have a Domestic Girlfriend situation
O: You what
R: Like do you see how hot it is
O: I don't
R: But it's a hot stepsister that will be your girlfriend!
O: Theres domestic abuse
R: Even better

Conversation 13 (8R):

R: So I saw on Instagram, there was an influencer
R: Who went to his reunion recently
R: There was this cousin right that was dating this guy.
R: And this guy turned out to be a very distant relative of her as well
R: So they met by accident during one of the reunion, I think the day 1 of reunion
R: She went "eh why are you here", and he went "Why are you here?" 
R: Then she realised "eh ci bai we are relatives"
R: So I'm like, "Ok, what happens now?"
R: Are they allowed to date?
R: Because based on an p - orn website, incest only applies to direct first or second right?
R: But if they are very far apart, because is it still allowed?
R: And I know it's not hot because well, it's reunion, so what happens

Conversation 14 (7R):

R: JJBA is trying to promote inclusiveness
O: What inclusiveness?
R: Because they promote BL, generational hating, gay rides, racial harmony, generational child labour, generational schizophrenia & gaslighting, deadbeat fathers, etc.
O: Ok and how is that inclusiveness
R: It includes them

Conversation 15 (8R):
O: What anime are you planning to watch soon?
R: Idw watch Your Lie in April knowing the show is good but its going to be very sad
O: But doesnt that mean its a good show?
R: I dont cry bro I sweat testosterones bro I am an alpha male bro
O: You're what
R: I am a class 1 DIO im so alpha every guy that sees me instantly becomes a beta
O: ... Kill yourself
R: I will not die because I am jesus and I am the next X men
R: Also, DIO is a good masculine role, he promotes how to pursue ambition and promotes self defence

Conversation 16(9R):
R: Imagine we could give online tutorials
R: On how we should reform people who did sinful stuff like sex workers, 
R: what if we gave them the opportunity to become engineers
O: Why engineers and why reform them
R: Imagine trying to explain engineering to a sex worker, like imagine trying to rub it out, like when you twisting it thats what we call torsion stress, when they put the thing in its called friction.
R: Lube because friction
R: When you are  bending the dick, thats called flexing stress
R: Thats the thing though like right it would be very hot

Conversation 17 (4R):

R: You know this is like honest thing like influencers on is that
R: They always talk about something like rant when they use makeup 
R: I saw one very disturbing she was very disturbing.
R: I watched the whole thing Dont be like me dont engage in homosexual 
R: Im like why these people taking the people to operate the death machine
R: There was no joke why was this bitch talking about this when she was doing her makeup
R: I fricking hate these influencers
R: When she said "I got rizzed up by a 14 year old" I was like, ok, are you ok?
R: I thought she was trying to raise awareness
O: Ok but why are you telling us this
R: Because I felt that it was very disturbing
O: Then why were you watching her
R: Because I thought there was going to be like a moral or lesson to be learned here
O: From so called "influencers"? Online?
R: Yeah, what's wrong with that

Additional Persona information:
Only likes older women, especially teachers (7R)
Likes to talk about race (3R)
Starts talks with "Hear me out"
Favourite show/anime is Boku No Pico(6R)
Favourite food is Nasi Briyani (3R)
Quotes:
"Older men are better in bed" (3R)
"Size doesn't matter unless it's the size of his bank account" (2.3R)
"You're nothing but a prostitute" (3R)
